briefing about  ted talk

On this vide, Marianna Pascal talking about her experience where she lesson asian people to talk english better.
Marianna explains her discovery about the "how level of english are import to communicate better".

She talking about a person who learn english with her. His name is Faizal.
To talk about her discovery, she remember about the similarities between Faizal learning english and her dougther learning to play the piano.
The first similarity between both examples basically was the feeling of dread, the feeling that tey are gonna be judged by how many mistakes they were going to make.
The second similarity of she discovery was the feeling that they had a long way to be good on their goal. 

Marianna try to explain why the malasian people like Faizal can speak english clearly.
To explain this, she talk about her experience in a cybercoffe, where she observe a very bad gamer and his friends. This guy even being terrible on that game, he had no feelings of being judged and just just focused on the game, on the goal. It was the feeling of the people like Faizal have when they nedd to speak english, they entirely focused on the person that they speaking to.

Marianna talking about another example that happened with her. She get in a farmacy to buy a medicine.
She don'n know exactly how the medicine she need, so asked the attendant for help and to be clear the attendant speak very alow and objective with her.

Marianna expose a article that notice 96% of conversations in english in the world involved a non-native english speaker.

She talk about a meeting with some engineers from diferent countries and the communication was veri dificult between 2 engineers that try speak a very higth level os english. So a third engineer from another country could understand and explain with a very low level bot very objective, focused on understanding.

She remember when we was on the college that the students are judged more on correctness then on clarity and this have influence so much in adult life.

Marriana finishes her presentation remembering the importance of focus in the objective and no in the self-correct.
